In this project we're going to be using machine learning to help us identify different breeds of dogs.

To do this, we'll be using data from the Kaggle dog breed identification competition. It consists of a collection of 10,000+ labelled images of 120 different dog breeds.

This kind of problem is called multi-class image classification. It's multi-class because we're trying to classify mutliple different breeds of dog. If we were only trying to classify dogs versus cats, it would be called binary classification (one thing versus another).

Multi-class image classification is an important problem because it's the same kind of technology Tesla uses in their self-driving cars or Airbnb uses in atuomatically adding information to their listings.

For our machine learning model, we're going to be using a pretrained deep learning model from TensorFlow Hub.

The process of using a pretrained model and adapting it to your own problem is called transfer learning. We do this because rather than train our own model from scratch (could be timely and expensive), we leverage the patterns of another model which has been trained to classify images.

The information are attached here with : -

Who's a good dog? Who likes ear scratches? Well, it seems those fancy deep neural networks don't have all the answers. However, maybe they can answer that ubiquitous question we all ask when meeting a four-legged stranger: what kind of good pup is that?

In this playground competition, you are provided a strictly canine subset of ImageNet in order to practice fine-grained image categorization. How well you can tell your Norfolk Terriers from your Norwich Terriers? With 120 breeds of dogs and a limited number training images per class, you might find the problem more, err, ruff than you anticipated.

Acknowledgments --->
We extend our gratitude to the creators of the Stanford Dogs Dataset for making this competition possible: Aditya Khosla, Nityananda Jayadevaprakash, Bangpeng Yao, and Fei-Fei Li.

The link to the dataset --> 
